So it's keeping fire. Is this yours? Yes.  Okay, so anotherpect. That's good. So then you can to each other.  So we chose the opening with people frrolling.. just that on it's for it's like the trans there's system that. identical.. as one you architecture the instructions and the data and the same difference is like that the different things most of the sub necessarily, um which was a. um also as, also a low controller, has a different power there's four, in each of them in in each of them, um, like, so start the basicon is three fun that's to that person. And there's like a there's a master clock, and then there's a luxular clock, and then there's a submastered clock, and different parloads at the in the different paros, like a different combination of those to the clocks areabled. So, like, like just energy, I guess, the.  Okay, our proposit organization isating, it's a technique for local. So we found here have some modules such as a hardware multiplier and watching up cam. They don't have the C gate and they often not active during working time.  This means they are consuming power when they are not not working so our propose is to aid 8 o'clock 18 to those idle modules and and to see if they have some improvement about that. The good news aid we found the clock gate had already exist in the had already existed in the min clock so which means when we which means they other idol modules like the like the witch dog tammer and the hardware multipl they are not covered yet. That's what we are going to do is we're trying to aid those calculating those other modules, which are not covered, and here's our mastology, like the first step. we're trying to rerun the code and to do the sensor side, the design and to get the area power and timing at a secondly, we're trying to do some modify, like we calculating out there to see if any improvement and to be honest, it's based on the time, if the time alone will going to explore more method in and if that works such as such as maybe the power poweragating odds the operant isolation if we have enough time to explore the other builds and I hope this message maybe would be a small effect on the area and timing..  So there's three main turnoffs that we discussed. I should be going over each of them. So the first one would be an increased area with the reduced hour.  So basically to do clock gating, it would require extra logic gates, and each gate would require an additional gate cell. These all would contribute to an increasing area, but in regards to lowering the power, it's pretty minimal, but it's still there, so yeah. The next one will be a design complexity.  Since we're going from a single clock to multiple gated ones, there'd be four separate clocked cells, and there are also need to be synchronizers that would have to handle the signal transfers. And on top of that, there would have to be a more complex testing because there's new gates that are added. And then the final one would be a clock delay because clock gates arrived later than the main clock usually, and different gates might have different delays, we wouldn't know the timings until we test them.  So our input clock may have to be lowered, which is essentially the frequency.. So here's a weekly timeline. From now to week four, we' do a deeper dive into the open MSP430 code and documentation and start setting up the EDA syntis tools.  In week five, we'd focus on the clock and power management modules and also identify the targets for our clockading. In week six, it would be the midterm report, but we do our baseline synthesis and validate our results. In week seven, we would begin our RTTL modification for our clockating, and in week eight, we would complete our clockating implementation and runner synthesis, in which, in week nine, we would analyze and compare the results for our funnal report, and then week 10 will be our presentation.  That's it. Thank you. Okay, great.  Thank you. So that multiple teams take this one as so teams can, you, learn from each other. I think your proposed technique is also, I would say, within scope andious, it's not as simple as you think, because let's go back to the the slide, right?  You introduce So, so, uh, let's go to the the trade-off the tradeoff, you, here. So it seems to me that this design has multiple cloud ofase. It correct?  Correct. Okay, so this is in some ways g direct because then you can pick one or multiple of them to gate. So then the other ones will not be affected.  But then the synchronizers, right? So these synchronizers are something you have to be careful about. So wherever you pass from the into another, it's argated, right?  So what do you do with these? You have to think about the carefully. Okay.  Also, right? So my comment to your team, there will be slightly different. So let's go back to the schematic.  So my comment to the previous team right, is that if you are working on the pipeline, right, then those peripheral, you know, the watchdog or the sp mire, may not be necessary, but then for you, right? Because you want to introduce cating, that means you need to syntalyze all of those blocks. And then you need to evaluate what is the power improvement, right?  If you shut off. Yes. So those requirements will be different for you.  And finally, right, because, again, right, so forgetting, you will only seize the effect before and after, right? If you exercise, so 30 blocks. So that means in your pent, you have to find some test cases where you can also exercise the blocks that you are trying to get, which hours they are, for example, the EMA was the bush dog or you know the parose, you have to find test cases to exercise them.  So that means in your baseline design they cannot be. Otherwise, if you if they are idle from the beginning, right then you gaze the, you see anything. So you have to, you know compare them.  So that is the uh specific comment for you. But other than that, I think nothing much more. So did you understand my comments to the other team?  Yes. Okay, so now you know, you have to model the structure memories that you can exercise your your different blocks. Other than that, there's ming much. anything else blocks.  Oh, 10. That's good. So, yeah, start early and then talk to you.  So other teams, right So if you have.. Thank you Okay..